# Twitter_Automated_Reply_Bot
Software Dependancies
- Python v 3.5.2
- Tweepy (latest version)
- VirtualEnv (latest version)
- Beautiful Soup (latest version)
- Pillow (latest version)

Please add the above dependancies to make sure the project works. Also, make sure you have a valid Twitter API key & Google API key that is added in the code itself.

Steps to get the content from github
- Clone the github directory from the link
- (Optional) Create a vitrual env in a folder as it makes things easier to install
- (Optional) Instructions on installing virtualenv and creating a virtual directory are given here
- Install the aforementioned dependancies
- Follow individual deployment steps mentioned below for each bot

The protest bot works on the concept of information dissemination. The motive is to find people who are tweeting about facts that happened on the current day and then send them more facts. These facts are extracted each day from Wikipedia.

Workflow
- Pre-Processor Module: Scraping.py script is the pre-processor script. It scrapes events occured on each day from Wikipedia. There is a filter internally with an array of keywords. Each event is then parsed to find a keyword from the above list and if present, the event is added to a file. In the end of the scraping, we are left with all the events of the day from Wikipedia that have at least one keyword from the filter set. All of the facts are written to a file which will be further used by the Editorial logic module.
- Tweet Listerner Module: Stream.py script has the configuration for changing the listening parameter. This module listens to a particular hashtag using the Twitter streaming API and on each Tweet with the hashtag, it passes the Tweet JSON data to the Editorial logic module.
- Editorial Logic Module: This is present in the stream_reader.py file. This module gets the Tweet data as an input. It has an internal probability module where a given threshold is set. This is done so that the bot doesn't exhaust twitter API call limit of 180 tweets per 15 mintues. It is limited to 140 API calls per minute in the code. If the bot exceeds the API limit, then it haults for 15 minutes before starting again. It firstly generates a random number. If the number is less than the threshold, further operations are allowed else we return the control back to the Tweet Listener. It is then followed by an internal sub-filter which further allows one to filter the tweet on the body text (If it contains a word from a set of keywords, then only will it allow the control to move forward). If the probability criteria are met & the text criterion is met, then the logic module retrieves a random fact from the input file of facts generated by the pre-processor module. This fact is then sent to the Reply module.
- Reply Module: stream_reader.py also contains the module which helps in replying. It has a Text-to-Image convertor which allows replying with facts that are greater than 140 characters thereby bypassing the Twitter limit

How to Run
- Make sure all the dependancies are installed
- Open terminal or cmd and navigate to the directory where you have stored historybot.py
- Execute following command: python historybot.py
